---
#layout: post
title: "Whisky, gambling and Ferraris"
thumbnail: "images/posts/whisky/prueba.jpg"
date: 2016-11-16
---

Whisky, gambling and Ferraris are better than housework. -Françoise Sagan Women don’t get raped because they were drinking or took drugs. Women do not get raped because they weren’t careful enough. Women get raped because someone raped them. -Jessica Valenti I love being single. It’s almost like being rich. -Sue Grafton In fact, there is perhaps only one human being in a thousand who is passionately interested in his job for the job’s sake. The difference is that if that one person in a thousand is a man, we say, simply, that he is passionately keen on his job; if she is a woman, we say she is a freak. -Dorothy L. Sayers While falling in love is fun, it’s not everything, and it’s not the antidote to an unfulfilled life, despite what Reese Witherspoon movies may tell you. -Jessica Valenti There will be no mass-based feminist movement as long as feminist ideas are understood only by a well-educated few. -bell hooks

    A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle. -Gloria Steinem I only know that people call me a feminist whenever I express sentiments that differentiate me from a doormat. -Rebecca West Feminism is the radical notion that women are human beings. -Cheris Kramarae There is no female mind. The brain is not an organ of sex. As well speak of a female liver. -Charlotte Perkins Gilman Men are from Earth, women are from Earth. Deal with it. -George Carlin No woman can call herself free who does not control her own body. -Margaret Sanger I cannot understand anti-abortion arguments that centre on the sanctity of life. As a species we’ve fairly comprehensively demonstrated that we don’t believe in the sanctity of life. The shrugging acceptance of war, famine, epidemic, pain and life-long poverty shows us that, whatever we tell ourselves, we’ve made only the most feeble of efforts to really treat human life as sacred. -Caitlin Moran
